Ah!
You're already in public, why don't you wear clothes?
Who don't wear clothes?
I'll give you some eyes, do you understand?
I saw through your clothes
This is watching a movie.
It was fun.
If you dare not come forward, then admit defeat obediently
Well, I'll let you in yourself
Be quick, please!
Boy, you won't be brave, will you?
I don't have the guts, it's not just having hands
Xuexia, we advise you to choose a piece.
Open it.
Kid, keep your eyes open and watch him
It's useless to choose anything
What is this stone?
What's wrong with this one?
This is the treasure of Jiangcheng
Soaring, soaring.
Glass species all over the ground
Value 1 billion 1 billion
I've thought about it.
Sure enough, I don't understand anything
Picked a waste rock
Haha trash like you
You can also choose rough stones worth 1 billion
The end is decided
Let someone wash the floor
The rough stone they chose was worth 1 billion
Trust me, you are definitely better than them
The boss is still dreaming
You are nothing but a rock
The young man Jiangcheng doesn't get any better than this
Not to mention your useless corpse
Hey, no tears if you don't enter the coffin
Give him a drive
I want to watch him despair
One knife is poor and one knife is rich
A knife of leather linen
Young man, prepare for the afterlife